Version 0.6 beta
----------------

Corrections to BOOTP code for making it work with Minuet.

Documentation corrections and additions (thanks to Jeffrey).

Added standard CHAP implementation, MS CHAP extensions not supported.

Added VJ header compression, VJ slots limited to 16 (seems to be sufficient
for the DOS implementation and conforms to the sample code provided in the
RFC).

Minor code arrangements for eliminating unneeded stuf (like the PPP server
mode support).

Added SET_RCV_MODE and GET_RCV_MODE packet driver functions, mostly
necessary for the Ethernet class 1 packet driver versions. These driver
returns now a functionality value of 2 (basic+extended), although the only
extended supported functions are SET_RCV_MODE and GET_RCV_MODE.

Added SET/GET_RCV_MODE functions to class 6 drivers, added GET_STATISTICS
function to all versions.

Corrected flaw in options file handling, the code didn't include any tests
for EOF character, so files created/modified with editors that were adding
such code caused failure of Dospppd.

Corrected bug in Dospppd processing of 'connect' option, it failed if you
were passing an executable name without any arguments after it.

Corrected implementation of 'f_access_type()' packet driver function for
delaying the activation of 'in_use' handle flag until the rest of the
information for a handle is entered, for preventing problems in case a
packet arrives when the handle information isn't completed.

Added VJCSTAT utility for displaying statistics about Dospppd VJ
compression.

Reworked CTRL+BREAK handling, now exits quickly.

Changes to the ARP emulation code for making it work under Kermit, the fake
source hardware address is placed in the returned ethernet header too.

Reworked PPP specific packet processing, to avoid reentrance problems that
could occur if receiving a PPP packet while processing a PPP protocol
timeout.

Improved modem hang up detection.

Changed DTR behavior in PPP drivers, they left the DTR line at the same
level they found it on entry when terminanting, now DTR is forced low on
termination regardless of status on entry.

Some BOOTP and ARP corrections for making JNOS/KA9Q happy, now it should
work with every KA9Q incarnation.

Force acceptance of remote IP address if 'ipcp-accept-remote' option was
used, even if the remote IP is a weird one like 127.0.0.1 (I couldn't
believe it, but it seems that some ISP at Mexico does that).

Changed PAP processing for keep retrying after receiving an authenticate
NAK; if all retries fail and the peer requested PAP, then close the driver.
Some ISPs seems to don't close the link after an authentication failure, so
this trick will force our end termination.

Added interactive terminal mode to CHAT0.EXE and CHAT.EXE.

Remote string grabbing features added to CHAT0.EXE and CHAT.EXE.


01/05/97 - Version 0.5 alpha
----------------------------

First public release.

